hi everyone thanks for stopping by me
at the light today I will have a story
Pro u knitted toy and lavender
mishan what water herself called this
the bear was tied by request
and my clients and to be honest, I used to
in general, it never occurred to me
see lavender bears but so me
I liked that image that I liked
client stones described what I decided
take up this business and is now ready for you
tell a little about it and so
lavender bear was tied with cotton
ip on the main color 58a
the muzzle of the heels of the pen is such as
would be white almost this 230 color also
sweater was tied
again it was my shrimp's idea
wonderful little Lena and
sweater I knitted gray adelia yarn
or acrylic and she came out sweaters lavan
daughter
Hacker thread I embroidered
plant soluble kanzi i like this
I got it all from the white bears
pens and legs on the oil mount they
move
nose and eyes in plastic bears
I bought them bought Leonardo
at the same time the nose was called the nose of an animal
made in Japan in my eyes
just thats plastic black eyes a
worth bear is not very good because u
him heels tidy no
I did not add granulate down
just because that way i
I see
hind legs he well how would it be uncomfortable
In general, I want to revise this method to
the word I used the description
knitted teddy bears from anna makarova I tell you
I'll drop the link under the video
if anyone is interested but I do not care
remade this scheme for themselves but what
touches the rear legs, then I do them as
says with the head invented but not
less there are some moments that
I'm not happy or maybe if I
I will and I will continue to listen to like a fly
remodel and cute bears itself
saying and i also
put a little bonus this ethereal
lavender oil as my client
said she wanted to use this
bear for flavoring
so he calmed down for the night and how we all
know lavender oil lavender scent has
such a property put to sleep a little
and accordingly decided to invest such
little present shell pouch nourished
for this and
in general, this is a box of butter
the top is wonderful in this
small bag and quietly fastened
and also besides that I decided all the same
make a package for mischa not like that
the handbag that I sewed and my beloved
lavender-colored swag and cotton
which I used for decoration and for
inner lining
I, as I said earlier, really loved
ports q I think that a lot of it can be
what does she do the subway to she is dense and
she looks like that
natural pretty therefore
I liked this business of course it did not cost
without my
logo etiketochki where do without it well,
series
label paper which tells what
what kind of teddy bear is this handmade work and who
this is Nagara soup and faith
she took the bear as a whole
here
from the purely work day probably 3 but you need
understand that I was not knitting at the ready
scheme and something else invented out of my head
Incidentally, the light of the rock, too, therefore
of course it took some imagination
time and blowing is always of course
some kind of risk because
hand on heart i'm not
some kind of super-duper by experienced liza box
who can do super duper
some schemes like this
and tied up
there were moments when it was necessary to dissolve
what is there to tie something to think about it
redo the whole result i
I was pleased I hope that you
it was interesting to see this
bear newer that I inspired you to
so that you too tied your kiddies
or maybe to yourself some such
good knit toy in my heart i
I was always sure that
toy animals they like a little bit
say my personal feelings are kinder
than just pupae so that's me
pulls for these books every different 2
Russian thank you all for your attention dear
my all love you very much
in the next 3 videos bye bye